Do do we have to talk about this system login? Yeah the system You're trying to now we're trying to rerank about the system. about the air. Yeah, so we can change the body system to this system.  I think it works better. So maybe I don't know how repa the students because in Miami University, for example, we had a system for that. It was the the school that you would locate and all these students would appear to you, like the name nationality and languages they spoke and you could choose three of them.  And they after it was approved, you would receive their contact or like their social media so you could get in contact with them. And likewise they would also receive your your social media and your contact. So yeah.  My previousiversities also have the same because when they did the Chinese language course, and like it wasn't the option. They appointed us with the two local students and theyre supposed to take us somewhere in a weekend and also talk with us, interact with us. It was the two Chinese student for every like, for example, you don't have a choice.  There is a lottery, you know? They make it like a lottery and you pick two token. It was really, it was it was a conference and Chinese came. in physically in person.  And then they took us somewhere and then sometime international and always like sleeping you know, they said, no, we can't go to middle of the night. you know? But it was a nice idea and then we could talk with, I mean, this is only for the Chinese language students, not the undergraduate or post talk or doctorate student. If we have this kind of opportunity, the friend on purpose.  Friends with purpose. Friend on purpose, right? We have a lot of friends.  Actually, I have a very good Chinese friend. We talk about fact of life, how to survive, how to get out from here.. Yeah, I do not language improvement or something, you know.  Yeah, that's your friends. So if you have some friends on purpose, like you need to improve yourself, you need to talk, you to familiar with Chinese culture, that would be very nice opportunity, you know. Yes.  Because Chinese didn't like that. Yeah, they like it and like it too. Yeah. the first thing, you for me, new semester, maybe we don't be one or two Chinese and then we there will be a group ofternides. maximum maybe five, and there will be a Chinese kind of tutor tutor but just here to try to introduce a school to them.  Is it like We can, but I think now we need to decide on the details of it because they want to see like every step, every detail. So I don't think, can they put this in the system? They do have to put it in the system because remember it just they can do some kind of volunte stuff, like example they last year we were volunteers for the admission.  The decision, decision so many also mean like how does the selection? I no, no. school cannot push anyone to pick the foreign. They have to make a platform that you pick friends, they will pick you will pick them.  It will be matching, you know, you know, something of the matching happy. Tinder. Tinder.  Okay, Tinder, how they match found a match. You are from media communication. You found someone from your same department, you found someone, maybe one year experience, like, okay, I'm joking for some friend who had already experienced a medium communication.  So he's not about your culture. You can talk about your major, a productive conversation. You are not going to make a for every time.  You you talk about your education. because if you in the same school then you can meet every day the same class. a good Because they need to famili with the foreigner and you need to know about Chinese, you know. So what do you for school, will just put in there will be some certain amount of internationalent and they would ask for you are willing to be some kind of like a volunteer, like But how let's do like a like the real life I think. I'm an international student coming to school.  It doesn't matter. No, that's doing the other way. Okay.  I'm a local student. I'm volunteering in this project. How do I do this?  Like, is there system? Is there someone you talk to and what is this person going to do? We need the specifics, like the mechanics for this. everything.  Because if we need a system for this, then I think they might not be able to do this. By volunteer, by your choice. Yes, I know, but how is this coming to be?  Like, how I' making the list? Why the redistision, you know? Okay.  Just like a registered in the event. does the matching? matching matchches coming in the automatically in the system, fromommication, you filter it up. is the problem. automatically in the system, where is this automatic system? That's Yeah, not manually.  We can do some automatic thing because our app is very developed app. Yeah,artment is super developed, you know. We can just generate a link and we said something like a condition, like even from a media communication.  Can we make it? We can. We can.  Because we can do some questionnaire from theIC and there is aolution that is from they will ask you from the school year. and you can just take out ministations from that school and just tell them with this significant that school. Yeah, so that's good tell them how I was thinking day one everything very detail, so they would do the minimum is do more. AI isaking.  Not theI. It's my computer writing. It doesn't matter, bro.  It's so correct.. So yeah, we can do that. And why you mean we have to define what the objective is and what the activity is be suggested activities would be.  Because one thing is the language exchange, the other thing is a future introduction, and the other thing is academic introduction introduction. We have three things, and maybe the volunteers are not willing to do all of them. So maybe they can choose oh, I'm okay with this, but I'm not okay with that other one, for example. what I feel for now, because maybe for September, because maybe September August, maybe we can the pilot test will be doing September when you were we can try first we can try about like the welcoming new students, we can still in the first test?  Yes, but I think, because I was expecting that we not we exactly, but people have summ vacations, right?, so many Chinese particip that were welcome So we can run a few tests during the vacation, so we can have a more developed pilot on September. But do some taste, I mean, we start some. prepare, see what happens? Yeah.  But we don't have to be physically there. Everything could be online. Online, yeah.  Yeah.? We can do that. Somebody the station.  Exactly. That's what we're going to figure out. Yeah, we need to some kind of like we need to convince student that there will be a new student come, you can be a guidance.  Not only Chinese, there will be foreigner volunteer, too. Yeah, and then there will be a instruction. If you guide a new student, you need to follow this protocol.  You understand? There will be a solid protocol to follow. Okay, for example, new student has a lot of things, okay?  When they arrive, they go to medical testaste, a visa, a lot of problems. Sometimes Chinese student, they don't know why to the foreigner medical taste, do you understand? they don't have to do this.  Yeah. So you can do like this. If you have a two body with one, like two person with one person, you can make it like a foreigner in Chinese. two side.  So he will be the the foreigner and then because Chinese doing most of the time, they don't know. They are checking for the map, you know. We know how the foreigner fast drive into the station and police the station, blah, blah, blah, you know.  Yeah, the Chinese students sometime, they are not really familiar with the foreigners activity. So with this thing they couldn't help. Yeah.  So I think it's not fair for them to learn a new thing just to serve the international students. So maybe for this kind of thing, there should be an extra, like a senior international. We can do this find a volunteer and we need to know like what purpose you were using the volunteer for the only learning Chinese or like your social activities.  In fact, what I' welcoming about two things. The first thing is about like, to see, if a warm welcome to fiance, because they would be someone that will want or some question because last time I was doing during the spring is is this question for, was a lady from her. He said that he tell something that was shirts. o.  She said, you tell someone that came in, there something that this because she was expecting that someone would put maybe that's the first that me one way, but wooden impression about the university in the second thing it't do also give him the Chineseister an an option to interact with uh I don't. So I think first we I think what we can focus on noise just about only about like trying to do about one common deal the the chancehood and push or possibility to interact with with us, what I after that I I'm not really sure what we can do after after the welcoming. Oh, I see.  Because for me, the 40s, I mean, when they first two things, maybe the change can do probably just probably take them to the department registister to take remember the when you first come, you have to go to take your or something like that. And also is there something else? Why did you do?  I forgot? I think a week we have to do the medical check, then we have to register at the registration day and then what else? we have to find somewhere leaves.  Do the police station police station station we also have to what was that? There was something else. I forgot.  You know they applied for the visa, like on the day on the buy a SIM card. Buy a SIM card, get the BPN. I think they should have before they come here.  But if they don't They have to find something for them. exchange money No, I'm just thinking what the Chinese bank. The bank. The bank.  The way I said what the Chinese came Okay, we? When we? Okay, the student, when we arrive in this building, they finish like 50% of work.  You know, we are because we are a volunteer last year. So what they did they a decision, they' contacted the department and same card from the corner over there. SIM card.  Sometimes they cannot pay, but they just give them and then they will cut the money when you research, you know. So you need to pay money to buy a FIM card. they will cut it after, yeah. And the bank card also provided by the department.  Okay. So the next task, when they get out from the buildings, go to bank to active the bank card. But now with the other because this is very boring.  Because last time. This is I don't it's good for them to help with this. No, no, no, we don't need to do this in front of her because department.  I think they don't. No, I think when they first, most of them don't ask about the D. No, I think that The is okay. The problem, this will be the responsible for the admission Intern, but I think we should not take this to the body, the body system.  This is very different. This is a legal method, you know? We cannot involve other people with a legal methods.  And also This is illegal methods, you know I't help to do any of that Because in the guidance, there's a PDA. You just have to follow. We cannot put this on tiny people because international student, they never never read the guidance.  Everything is there. Yeah, I just read this damn guide and I did everything. Everything by yourself no need to do anything., they QR code, their address, everything is there. police station.  So can do? We can just make it the body system after it's not about the newest student, not about all system for everyone. So can we, they could maybe tourist places in Sh or some kind of.  We can start with like this. We can start with the five group. Do you Five group.  No, wait wait, I. Do you remember when we met with the first time we met? Yeah. Is that a good thing?  Yeah, it was a campus walk. Campus walk. Campus.  It was the activity. As you go to finish the task. Intern office.  So Camp like there will be a body system, five people in one group and you go somewhere to finish the task and you come back, come back and you get banana. Get banana. So we can experiment like this.  For example, this one, what it was only for two hours, two hours, too many, not too many people, because it was you have to get in there the activity. You resistered, but you didn't get in. Yeah.  So we can do like this. We can make a five group. Five groups.  And then we're going to talk with them, like we two Chinese students, one for two Chinese to foreigners. So five groups, like 15 people. Okay?  Is that the experimental parapose? Okay? And then we get a feedback from them how they are benefited.  And then we propose to the university. This is how they are these people, they have been their friend for month. Look, how they are learning, how does the improvement?  I think we should run separate tests at the same time because we have to see if groups work better or if one on one works better. 101. One is not good.  Why?. Yeah, Manor is not good. We need to put three people.  Pan is not good. That is a security security problem with one one. Yeah.  Two Chinese Yeah, but even we paid like Chinese. Too much. Too much.  Too much. So we can make it like two Chinese one foreigner. That's it.  No, too much. So Chinese people is a very cool. Okay, if foreigner and two Chinese.  What do you think? No, because you need to make it because they will talk each other, not the Chinese today. No, doesn't matter.  How? We can find people like this. We can do some experiment.  But the thing is, one because so many be so hot, no one is willing to go outside to some. In the summer? Yeah.  No, but we don't have to like many people stay on campus and honestly, they don't have much to do. Yeah, but they are to go because it is so hot. It doesn't have to be outside.  You can propose some activities like in the mall or something like that. They just need to spend some time together for us to see. activities is really hot. People don't want to go outside, you know.  But nothing to Yeah, for example, the people from, they don't go outside the lab. stay there. For the whole day, me, they't. don't. We don't.  What do we need to go outside? It'able, have a nice AC. You have an internet in holy screen, you know. have taste for you.  What view? It's a computer, which starts in YouTube, find a view, you know. We don't go out, need to go outside.  So how are we going to propose this body system to the Because we now we have more questions and answers. Are we really stuck in the body system? Because we had a lot of ting down.  Okay, let's start with the first And what? The one isline. mine No, you said the global coffee. We have this in j joy, you know?  Yes, yes, yes, it improvement, right? I'm getting hard. I course you can try and joy.  Jo j is a good idea. It's good. If you need the improvement, this is the problem.  Like what? Because the organizerizer in that event, they are a child. what? Their child.  Yes, yes, yes. They don'tize well, you. The last time, the last time it was I was there.  It wasn't really useful, but we found a really nice people, like, we found some good friends there. Because Chinese student was like a half half. Yes.  Half half. I've joined And there was really excited to meet foreigner. And their Chinese, their English is so good, it's better than us.  But I feel like they still have some trouble talking to international students. They still keep to too much to the.. This, the first one, we already have it. is joy and joy.  So we should not do this one and just propose. The academic collaboration house. What we can do with here, because this is another good one for the graduate student, Academic collaboration Yeah, because a lot of people doing the same field, but different topic, but they are not connected with each other.  This one is very good, good point because the most ob friend here is like they are post graduate, you know? Undergraduate is yeah, so this one is a good point. We have the answers from people who will say they wanted academic collaboration.  Who answered that question? Like, are they PhD? Are they masters?  You know, we have this data on the surveys. MostD couldn't convince people toD students. But do you have the data for that?  Yeah. I'm disturbing we did really feel really feel. It's not useful. example.  I don't know if everyone shares the same wish but headspought about it, but I would like to turn this competition that we're doing into a paper that we can publish. can use the? Maybe you can. Yeah, if this the La is going to join us for the meeting we can get a lot of idea because she already has experience., we're doing so much work, we should at least publish something to get.  No, we can't publish this year. Why not? No.  No, if I want to publish a CCFA because we have this topic, the human interaction with the computer, but is not the same thing. I can make it CCFAA, because this is real data. There is a one big jar.  It's like bigger than any journal. It's called computer and Human interaction. CCF.  It's like high impact factor. 11.5. You understand, you can publish on that Jal.  But another thing, my solar will be not there, so not useful. But do you have the documentary we were using in the presentation? We' it?  No, no, no, the English version. So not. No, no, no.  The one that we used today? Oh, the dogs? Yeah, yeah, the shar one.  So you can't put your name in the project? I can. Oh, But I cannot use it for my PSD.  No, it's okay. But I can use for my job. You put it to your name.  Of course, of course, of publishing. But if theyi joining us, that if she joining us, for sure she will make it this one to a paper Because this is the whole purpose of joining us to make a paper. Because we were doing so much work.  You might as well publish. Yeah, publish.. There's something to her names.  Yes, it is the note. No, no, note. Yeah, yeah, yeah.  I think it is. Yes, yes, yes. Perfect.  I think we talk a lot, but I think we have to get some some concrete stuff. Yes. First, like my go, go first go, go.  But you say okay, I was just going to say that I found a few papers about this that people published. So oh, it's true No, it's okay. Qly mixed groups on international campuses and opportunity for intercutural learning.  So the I too, Kaluk at all these research very quickly, but I think they interesting for us to have some inspiration. So the potential of own campus is study to support students, interc learning and development in higher school there, I didn't know, but there is a like an index of how much intercultural you are for some reason. And I think we can use that as in, how do I say, as one point that we to make our thesis stronger and how formal and informal intercor context the universities influence students culture intelligence.  This is the word culture intelligence that I didn't know. cultivating global mindsets without living campus, building intercally competent engineer so I think we can argument that by joining this kind of activities, this kind of project, they can gain some intercural intelligence and be intercutually be competent. Because this what these studies they mentioned the importance of this for because today the world is very globalized so you have to learn how to deal with the with the differences and the how do you say like the sensitive matters because otherwise you're too you're not like a nice person you know like some people for example, we had a case in my one of my classes. It was a w outside class, but it happened like, you know, what was the thing?  The last word that we had? What happened? Oh, yeah, the, I think it was India, Pakistan war, like this thing.  And he was this guy was like laughing and asking like the Russian people like, oh, how how like which word do you think it's better the original or So you see, this is verylicitive. Yeah, you cannot like make jokes about this.ument is. Yeah.  So it's terrible. The Room of International people, you can't ask these inappropriate questions. Exactly.  And there's city matters. There is no good come from the war. But he make fun with a friend, but not at the group of people.'t make fun at all, I think in public.  This is not even in private, but you know, this is inappropri. Yeah, maybe because some, I don't know, this is a really famous case. It was an advertisement for, I don't know if it was washing, what is it laundry detergent, like in China that they put a black person into the laundry.  You see that and then that the person came out white. 10 years ago,. If it was an advertisement, it was real, real advertisement. Yeah, you cannot do that.  Sometimes, sometimes, sometimes the thing is like in China because in the most racist table in Asia is a Korean, okay? And then after a strist, you know. And after Korean, it, you know, because in these people don't know that the difference between the racism and the another thing.  Yeah, because they don't know history. And the kids, the kids is telling defining people by the color. Because sometimes Chinese don't mean it, but when you are the foreigner, you feel better because the Chinese think that all the white people come from America and all the black people come from Africa.  And the rest, there is no color. And there is the Chinese. That's it.  So did the philosophy, we can change this. We are living in China 10 years. Every time, because last time, it was in the ele metro and Ning So one of my friends come from Bahamas.  It's very beautiful island. It's close to you. Yeah, close to close to his country. then he's Chinese.  He's like a podcast Chinese. Podcast Podcast Chinese, like his boys, his face, you know. He's like a really, and whenever he speak Chinese, he speak with the right tones.  He's like a really. And then in the Metro guy, one guy, he was really upset with him. Like, how come with your Chinese is good?  He said, I learned. And he said, how long you learn? He said, I six months.  He learned six month Chinese and he's speaking better than Native speaker. You know? So what happened?  He was talking, talking Aleil we get out from the metro. He was just asking the same question, why he Chinese is so good. And the guy from Indonesia, he don't understand Chinese at all, because he look like Chinese and this guy.  And then I will give him a concept. So we're going to talk with you behind you, and then you figure out we are foreigner our tennis. Like, you can't see us, but you can hear us.  This is the problem, what you are looking and what you were hearing and all this is something happening in M Thailand. Thailand is like, oh, my God. Boy, talking like it.  He was just talking and then he. Yeah. So, this is good, for example, if they're going to work in other countries, then they get to they have this, yes, this intercult sensitivity because right now China has many business in other countries, right?  I think maybe Africa and South America mainly right now, right? So it's good for them to dig the Yeah, no, I don't mean the everyone. Like, if they don't have two, like, oh, the common people, but at least the university students because they're going to be professionals and they're probably going to work abroad too.  So I think it would be it would benefit them to to learn about more about this kind of food. I think we can put that as one of the positive aspects of research something like that. And we can even have some lectures about like sensitive matters that they maybe don't know.  Maybe we can do that. But where will we put that in which category will Let's see? Where was it?  I think it is it would be the body system because by talking to people like interacting with people, you are made aware of someone of this. that's. Right? Yeah, so I think this is good for the Buddh.  I believed the Buddhist is very. What? We need to propose something, right?  Yes. What is? just like you say, what is the ex all we put that into practice?  Because the just like theC, the idea is good, but all we cannot do it. I have an idea yet after that after. Yeah, it's it's really good but we don't really know, because I think from the next next next week meeting we have to at least have something that is half half concrete.  Even if we don't know theact music, but at least we we know that, okay, maybe if we follow that path, maybe we can come we can maybe implement it that way or some other way, maybe they say, okay, it's a good that way, but maybe we can change that change, but at least we have to have a plan. maybe today we can design like the very basic what? Nothing Just like the very basic design of this like we put the name of the project, the purpose, the justification, the mechanics. We don't need to be very specific right now.  But throughout the week, we can add more details when we have the time. But at least have like a sketch, like a you know? So we have this skeleton.  A skeleton? Yeah, this skeleton for that. So we can add more details later, but. my point is that I think after that they will have many times because these guy is going to see and Nat also is going.  So I think we have to do something good today. Yes, okay. Because me, I don't know, I feel something bad happened to me as one year or two years ago, I just want to.  I only think about the prison. The futureze is really so insulted. I don't this because maybe something can happen and somebody't have enough time in the skeleton is we only have the skeleton.  Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. We only have skeleton I' just thinking maybe let's just get we two hours because I have a meeting at 7.  Let's try to find that most as possible weekend. So even at least we have skeleton with some with some on because I don't really we have time to. I don't think we have an opportunity to meet like that.  Maybe during the week it would be hard to do, okay. So do we choose three main products to present? I have You know why I' I'm really sure there is no offline offline interion is really hard.  Even the teacher agreed agreed with doing that meeting. Even days when the agreed, because it's really hard to restart that one. So I think we can add that one, but also the Natalia idea is also really cool, like, what is it, the weekly stuff Lu what?  langu languages. And the story is also. What is it?  I don't remember.. Oh, it's not here? Oh, yeah, do blue.  Oh, I did put it here. It was a weekly something. I put it on the on the meeting note. weekly?  Weekly. Weeklying something. Oh, yes.  Oh, yeah, she told me about it. Just like the same same day, the same same day, same place. We're having this this whatever.  Okay, so let's okay, guys, just let's goording to what the told us. Okay. First, the main.  What is the problem? We start. Like what is like, because a problem was about what was like Chinese, we want with Chinese, but there is not so many opportunities.  So not so many opportities to to get local and international together because you have only one joint joint. Why is Chinese and foreigner And a rest of the activity is just foreign foreigner. Okay, that's a good I would that I think I add that, I think I will it later.  Let me just it. And Jo Joy is once in a while, like two times as amester. So how come you meet your local local people?  Because when you meet once in a very long time, and sometimes you just forget about it the day. If you have a weekly, what Natalia mentioned, a weekly gathering or weekly club or something like the one we had a divot club. Yeah, weekly.  So the weekly one, for example, a coffee house, like man Coffee is a lot of chairs is empty. When you need to book a table or something, we just talk with the manor coffee people, she put this in a wall, this is something, something. So people will find them..  Yeah. So this will be a tradition, a tedition, even I keep going on for the semester and semester, you know. No need to fart the notice.  I think that's about the which one? Quickley corner. Quickly corner.  I don't know if you with that you can read it again. I this you have read it already. Are you with that??  I understanding is. You can it now. Yeah, yeah.  I think it's the meeting. So that's I think what the least something it could change don't nobody even so that the first question we' want to ask them is it because they don't know and also just like saying just mention it I just started that but it's because the events is mainly many many targets for spoilers but foilers in Chinese? Yes.  So and also, just like you mentioned, I know we have put the study case, we have to enjoy. We know there also enjoy enjoy. So why are not so many people know about you enjoy it because also not so many people city or is it because some older stuff we don't know, There is some Chinese they include, but they are not real Chinese.  Every activities. I mean, they are like a half Chinese. So it doesn't count.  They are foreigner too. Oh yeah. How many Chinese would you participate in that?  from the last event, from the last event, it was a couple of. No, no, no. For example, when you speak Chinese, you are Chinese.  You understand. So they took like a Chinese speaker in the event. It doesn't count their local.  They are international too. You need a local people who is coming from the school dometry, not from the Nanyan Bay. in the last even, there was not too many real just like you, real Chinese, like if you can No, it was only Laois, bro. There was no Lil Chinese.  Yeah, no, no, no. Not. I mean the last activity we came from the X..  This was the joy joy last don't I think I think like if you have an international student Service Center, I as a local person, I won't think that this is for me. So I think maybe some activity I think the thing is like 12 more Chinese who. Not only internship because we want I think even, it will be good to have some Chinese.  Maybe 50-50, because they cannot like yeah yeah, it could be good. because I enjoy is a half half half Chinese. No, no, no. It was half half.  No, no, it was real Chinese. It was real Chinese. Half half.  We have they don't. They don't know. Maybe they don't.  They don't know they shy or they are not confident about their language. All this could be reason. They don't know..  Okay, so I have to say that next week they say, they are not activities like doesn't What do you say, what don' enjoy? They will definitely say that. And now, we have to say We have to.  Exactly. Why enjoy is not And also, we have to explain, make them understand that the activities are not enough, but we have to be careful with that because we're not saying that they're bad, but you're saying that they're not meeting the.... The conditions, they're now putting the conditions for the interaction to happen.  Because like. I already wrote this in the opportunity part. Can you put Okay.  Because I think this is the Just put it in the Because when we not this one, where is that? I put it in and the, yeah, I. Because we have to. Because this is I just I'll just copy this, okay?  This green part. Okay. Oh, wow.  Then you. You can paste there. Because when you say opportunity, they say, oh, well we make many events, we promote many activities, but we have to explain that.  What an opportunity is.'s what I like. We have to define like opportunity now. It means this, this, this, and this is not, this is a trip or this is an activity, this is an event, but this is not an opportunity for interaction. place where natural interaction can come.  Exactly. So we can show them that certain conditions are now met and this makes the event not an opportunity. It is an event.  Maybe we can put some past events that they had and say that we personally went to, like that we personally attended and say, oh, these objective was met, so I don't know. Learning more about the future, going for a new place, like having fun, whatever, or learning more. This activities are met, but interaction was not because there was no opportunity for that.  And they say, oh, but you're there, the other girl are there, but this is not. You know I'm saying that because they going to also to facitate interaction between because we have a not a club but the only responsible for organizing activities. There are some members.  They wanted to have some activities. Like for the members, themselves, what I was for these activities, everyone was even separate bying home. Like, you just still with your friends.  Even inside the I, like, they wanted to in the ice so hard. Like the team. Even if I open in the team that in the activity because I remember I was there was also I think that's why they dancing to So you were all.  We were part of the. But even during because there was a dancing session where we were to maybe because were dancing, I don't know but I don't think it was even a dancing. It was because even doing that part when he wanted to, there was even a game before that where we have to emitate what the other person was doing, but not too many people.  Some people were just talking about some. So I think to bring them. You could bring that.  You should, you definitely should put that. Do you think the objective was met? No, not at all?  Cool. dance do you think about? That was no. No, no.  I'm talking about interactivity. Do you think there was so many interactions? No, not talking.  Because they are shy to dance with other people. Exactly. There was no There was a girls dancing with the girls, boys dancing.  They were so gay. It was so gay activities, you know. And you about dancing because even before that, people just were staying of older people.  That's awesome. You should definitely bring back, because it's something you you did. But the thing is, when you mention of that, so what is all solution to that?.  That's the thing. So for the interaction, I think. I thought that to the others.  I think the online is so bad. What do you think? Yeah, I put it Brooklyn, but we need specifics.  So say something in point. the easiest one because I know the online is more difficult. Maybe we can. What is this about?  My favorite was you if you guys can start like, right, just say the point. and one point is no. It's big in the mouth's going to be right for here. too much. I can I can't.  We can do it now and then we can also add something for our later. Because this is a recording and right diving 2 at the same time. Yeah, but I. It's okay with the news and you at that later.  The first one is we'll about because I think is really important, but for now we don't really have a complete idea, but let' this one, I can't write, we can discuss it and I can't write various systematically systematically when I have no problem. So we can focus on YouTube ones. We What is this?  The sal is just like. Is this one? Oh, it's.  So this is the idea we were discussing. But the problem is that they are already exist. But it's not good enough.  Yes. So what do we do? Do we create another one or we?  We have co-reate with them.. I think we have to No, I think the thing is like we can approach like this. According to our feedback is the Chinese student at the majority to interact with a foreigner.  And then we have only one activities while we can get to know some Chinese students. Yes. Not like as many Chinese students, they want us to meet them, you know, just a few.  So our solution would be, if we enjoy the smaller win, it doesn't make a unit to organize with the food or coffee. The weekly, the meeting place, as we discuss about a Langu corner, is the same concept, is not a corner, not a Chinese corner. It's a luest corner, such you freely, you come here, you grab a coffee, you sit down, you discuss, you get a new friend.  It's a weekly, at evening, somehow you make it like this, you know, it's a proper proposal. You put it somewhere. Okay, because we have a lot of rooms and every room has a different names, you know.  Yes. So, you know need a room. If you a place, for example, a downstairs or the Manor Coffee, there will be no shame you write something on the wall, like a sticker.  So this place is a language corner. Every week, at evening, at that time, people will meet here at. On Friday or Saturday, based on, if you cannot meet it this week, you cannot come here next week. the program that village that, this is not enough.  I'm sitting here at the language corner. Is someone going to approach me? Like, how do you do that?  "Hey, you're there, sitting. Because you know do you speak? Because both of us we know that is the place that is the place we meet people..  Like, do they just come up to you and, hey, let's talk How would you do this? How would you do that to me? You, you see.  Exactly. So this is now going to work. We need to improve this.  Do we have objectives, like different objectives every week? We need something, like a purple. We need a topics to discuss every week. a new topic, like a divet club, we did last time.  So maybe. The problem is that if we put a time for an activity, then the purpose is not really, like being a corner that you can go any time. We need to think more about this because we cannot just put a place a place that's not going to do anything. right?  One of the fun place, a fun room. a secure fun room in this building. plate four? You say, okay, today we have two tables of. Pull, man.  Two Chinese, two Chinese. That is like, for one, one time thing, you know? It's not like the irregular.  It should be a place where there are many seats. many seats in the. There is a pool It is it noisy? Oh, are you going to see in the pool?  Oh, okay.. But then the purpose would change, because if we have the as the maintain in the room. What?  Then you would turn into a phone club. Yeah. This is the problem.  This is the one. Because not everyone want to play for you know. It's not everybody's favorite game.  Yeah, it's not going to. I some common ground, you know. And everybody are interested and then come there and sit.  Jo Joy is kind of there is no topic, you know. It's just introduces a. And then Swiss people..  How do I say? They have a few When I was there, we were sitting in a circle and then there was a host, it was Sabir at the time. And he would tell us, oh, you have to talk to the person next to you and you have to learn how to say a phrase from their original language.  You have to learn about, I don't know, a dish. And then you have to tell this to everyone else later. And then to see how much you've learned we would talk to this person for a long time, but and then after this, there was a free session where we could talk to different people.. this kind of.  It's what kind of interesting, not really boring. I don't think it was very effective. Like, I mean, we had a reason to talk, but it's very artificial.  It's very artificial. Like, and we don't, like you learn a thing or too, but. how do I say? Did you make some?  I mean, I have more people on Instagram. Oh, I made a friend friend with the organizer, actually. F me?  No, no, no. Ray. It's the Chinese guy responsible for the group.  We went out a few times in group later. Like we' feel with the people, but it was that. But I feel like the when I was there, I thought the activities were very. very silly.  Like, I'm not a kid, I don't learn a praise in another language, learn about a ditch. Like I have to go. You see?  Like, okay, I've been talking to this person, but it's silly. Maybe for the young people, it's okay, but come on, we're almost 30. This is not very attractive to us.  No, there is also some problem with the adult adulting and then childish stuff, you know. Certain maturity need it when you go to students. So we need a reason for strangers to talk in the what is it?  Language corner? So in the purpose is to practice language pray if it's a language corner. Okay.  So, maybe. Maybe we could. We have to make it interested and interesting because otherwise people will not come.  Maybe we could have like I don't know, we could have someone bring some materials, like a pen and like I don't know, paper. And then the person would write the language they speak and put it on their table. So it means that day they're willing, like they want to they are available to practice, to teach someone that language, it could be, I don't know, there could be a color for that.  And there could be another play with the language that this person was to practice. So she could this person could sit there I don't know, doing their homework, and language homework or not, and have these two like, I'm available to help in this language or I want to learn about this language. So there this would be a clear sign that they're available.  But imagine yourselves. I would do that in that situation. You walk into this room, you have your own reason for being there, and then you see people at their tables with these things there.  Would you approach someone? There's teaching, not teaching, but helping with the language that you want to learn or would you go to someone that wants to learn your language? No, we will.  I really. Because then you have a sign.. But for the Chinese, student, We are foreigner, you.  We have to find something that someone that we at target, Iracted the person to go to really. So every week you read a host That's why I think it's better to stop on the offline. online. Online?  I think. What kind of activity you can do in online? Many.  Like how? Have you ever played. There is no online friendship in exist anymore, you know.  Exist? She says, she said she friend. She said many times.  We don't have a time to chat in online.. That's why we chat quickly and just meet Because we have a lot of people to reply. How can you to make a friendship with a stranger?  They can make Don't worry. The Chinese are very, very.. used to that one or two enough time. Hashtag thing is not working because Chinese use most of the.  But does everyone use Waibo? We can also use W. So.  We can have a super group. Now we cannot make it something really hard, like it will be not real in the future. We made it something with a convenient obs university, the university that existing program, like they have some activities like this and then we just ask them to include Chinese students with them.  But this would not be enough, because it's not enough, for example, to encouraging Chinese student, because Chinese students don't know why is it. Although they are interested by the for example, 100 students are interested toirect foreign student by their award. Like they are thinking in their mind, okay, I' no, I'm going to talk with foreigner.  But when you ask the people to come to talk with the foreigner, you cannot find a five people from 100 people. Yes, yes. They statistically speaking.  So if the school that resource to get like inform the Chinese student, like thousands of any student platform that, you know what? We have these activities where because the cultural activities, it wasn't enough to gather Chinese mesh. For example, joy and joy already found a platform there we can like while you can meet and talk with Chinese student with very limited seats.  So we can do like this we can extend the number of the students and then a semester wise for once in a month or 15 days, once in a 15 days, something like this. So it will be both with Minha and the Shui. According to the school, the number of student, Minhang is a majority, so we can make it like this three times in Minhang one time in Shui because there are people are less.  This is you mention for the Global Cafe series. Yeah, something like this because it's a giant joy. This is the Global Cafe or the language corner.  Because what they still saying, what you guys are discussing that we don't talk with a stranger. So every time you need a host to organize, right? I don't think a host is needed.  So what would be the solution? How are you gonna, like.. Not a host.  We just need someone to put the materials on the table and make sure. Yeah, that is we need to find one specific place for that, right? No, any place is fine.  Like here, for example, this person comes. But for example, this is the activity center. Yes.  This table is empty. Yes. For example, these tables are empty, right?  We could use it. It belonged to no. It's a school.  Yeah, we put some, some papers, people picked and they take it, do their plages, put it here, they can't even put their their. So we can make this place for them. This place has a meeting place.  Yes. What do you think about, like, giving them some do some task together? Some task together would be nice. let the rice together we have to make something together.  Chinese make it something that the cooking thing it was from mother school, the Soutwest University in Ning. They had a lot of activities. They cooked together.  Even the Mexican lady. What did she say that? She said that they you have to contribute to some money and you buy stuff. had that for Wom's Day.  Wom's Day, Just for once in a year. So they paid little bit of money from everyone and then you buy stuff and they cook together. The Mexican ladyishi recommend this is activity where we have t to do something together and by doing that task together, there are naturally they will have to interact because if you we have to work as a team, of course I have to talk with him.  And by talking with you, maybe I say, hey, where are you from? task would be nice. It' task ask us, goal of the task is not to do the task, but to make them interact the task.  You know during the what was it? Even during this. How do you the Lantern festival that we had university.  What? The Ltern Festival. one of the, like in the feud, they had a, how do you say? It wasn't a puzzle.  You know where you get a hint and then you have to put the word in the squares? What is it called? I didn't No,, what?  You know, there is a hint, and then you have, I don't know, a certain number of squares and then you have to put the right word in the squares to complete the feng. a puzzle the puzzle and then you have to form a word. Oh, okay, I got it, I got it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.  That is the word game, yeah. And then I was with my friend at this booth and we had to complete this, but it was a Japanese word. The things were, of course, they were in English and in Chinese, but the words were in Japanese.  So, for example, it were words like, I don't know, Sakura ninja, this kind of thing. And then we have to form a word and then we would get a prize if we didn't correctly. It isn't nice?  Yeah, so maybe we could do this but in different languages and we where people would have to interact with each other to get the right answers. So we could have like a different languages for this square thing and we would have a word. Who gets the right word first, gets a priz or something like that?  Maybe this could be one activity that we can put, because it's not a city. You're working your brain. You know?  It's not a very, you see? That's a good idea. Maybe you can?  You need to have some. So I think we move the salmon and see activity together. sal the I think this is for the weekly corner.. No, no, no, it's okay.  Yes, but I think this isn't under. Because I think this is a good activity for the ming corner. Just put puzzle puzzle?  Yeah, Language puzzle. We will. That's I think that's the meantime I was thinking.  We have to do something together together. We know without the problem. Have you ever heard the modern Mr. D?  What? Modern Myery D. What is? D. And then you solve a problem There somebody murdered someone.  I mean, this is a. Murder mystery in. It's solve the problem and you find who killed someone.  I mean, this is this is to know, who killed who? Like, somebody murdered and then is like a it's famous from the book and movie, you know. Something you solve it.  For example, you have a puzzle and you go around a university and you solve it. It's like, like last time, we had a different station. So you go put some stickers and then there was some quiz, you sol solved the quiz and you get back to your station, you get some prize.  Yeah, it was the same activity with the volleyer. Yeah. I really like it.  We could do. We can make it more more complicated, like, for example, something funnier, more funnier more complicated, and you have to go one place to another, find the solution that is somewhere, a certain place, a puzzle. You give them a map, a funny way.  Yeah, that is like a more, yeah, people will be interested with this, you know. And we could have riddles too, for them to find the next place.. Like all, I don't know.  And then the word for the riddle is, I don't know, like, let's say, for example, that area.. He's good. Because sorry, sorry, when you write something, you're going with start writing.  I'm telling you, you'll find all the points from here. You know what I'm saying? Because when you start writing your brain will you have to structure your thoughts.  So, it will become clear, I'm writing, I'm writing this. The same documents, right? No, the same You don't together.  I don't know, maybe because maybe sometimes the school needs some energy something. Sometimes they't just, I don't care any tend to be something, maybe we can just enim. Only give a chance then we can just go and see of prouality to do that to get a I don't know what kind of I know that there is a pet pet thing, like dogs and cats.  They have these volunteer thing, but I don't know how we work. cleaning, cleaning, we will have the cleaning team is like called something. I'm in the group, I know. You can get a certificate from there, you know.  It's called Public Servicing. Today I think that's the from the offline things that they can do just by doing it just together, we become good friends. competition. Even if, I think the best was making some Ukraine.  That's when he's a good friend and coffee guys are good for... How you? No, don't.  Oh, you. No, I was just saying that weeklyn, we could even have rounds for activities. So like every week we have this this kind of game and every week someone proposes the game.  So someone will have a wish check room for that. Funny idea, yeah. Every week someone is responsible for the game. course we have to the game first to it's.  Exactly, exactly.. So it's not coming from one people. Every word will be okay, this week, I'm going to make it something, yes.  So I think You're right, you're right. to feel part of the organization too so that they can like, I don't know, maybe there's some, you know, a game yeah. For example So is the last person going to drink? Yes.  Drinking game an example, like a game one in the world knew before this song. The song, yes. yet we can like activities from other places like that and language. From different country, different game, what the funny game you have in your country, okay We can do try. that all of this has to include somean language Even we can do activity It's very famous in other countries.  Flying kites. And then you cut it up and like fighting, you know. I don't.  Yeah, yes, in Chinese, yes. kit activity.. Yeah, we have a lot of people for this. Even we have a group to play, fiz.  This is really, like every week you know there's going to be something fun and you can also just be here for our language exchange. Like you can we can keep like the divorce with the languages and the this stuff, but someone can come see you to practice, where we also have these interesting things going on for this. I think the puzzle is really good idea about the words and then you go around the university and find something, but it would be yeah, it would be a good weather because it's summer it's really hot. can be inside this building too.  Yes. Inside the building. It's.  I don't know why we think it's good because. It's puzzled. Because not that because of to have the kite, you have to build it.  You have to be you have to have someone to name, maybe you can do that you that way. Yeah, it'll be there. It's more like a competition. something like this. feeling of achieve because the is the feeling as like here, for example. a kitchen over there, we can like, let me have some even some slacks.  For example, if you finish the puzzle, you find the room number and then you get something from there and you get another one, something like this. is the puzzle, you know. So you get it like you becoming like a very good friend because you are solving problem with a stranger and then he can be a good friend. That's why how we get the people, like idea, you sure was also really good because did the h say how to say.  Okay, we did It's called Mystery. Yes. Modern Mystery.  We can have the clues. You have different clues, but they are also going for the game. So people have to natur deform games in the to So mystery.  I did one with the In Chang. There was a hospital. It's called Horror Hospital.  So you have to get out from the hospital to finish the puzzle. And then I was with my girlfriend, it's long time ago, and then she said, " I'm going to break up. I don't want to explain this.  She told because there was a ghost. Like, it wasn't a real ghost. I mean, people, it look like ghosts is so scary, you know.  Like, with two head, you know, and it blood is coming from the mouth. It was so scary and then I told her, so he went break up with me. So who is going to hold my hand in this point?  And then, we was with the couples, you know. There was two other Chinese couples, and it was the whole puzzle it was in Chinese. and they said, and we didn't do anything, you. They solved the problem and then get out from the fucking hospital, bro.  Yeah, because it was in Chinese. We didn't know what is happening. It was looking for somewhere, something, and then the keys, and then get out from the puzzle.  It was in dinosaur Park. It was a really good activity. It, it's when they kind of activities at where you are your car and sugar, maybe we can ask if there are some Chinese we want to be blunted for like the booth. example, if you are cooking some food, maybe some also want to be like the food that it will also also..  The food presentation is actually is kind of good activity, because people like foods and the traditional ch like clothing, you know. So they clothing, yeah. So if you are like, okay, you are Chinese and I'm foreigner, you were my traditional clothes and I'm going to wear your traditional clothes.  Or like, you were cooking some food, we're going to okay, what do we need to do? They are the kitchen here too, you know, a cooking activity is also a very nice idea, Peter and Chinese.? No, there is a big kitchen.  You can rent in this building. Yes. A big kitchen, like it's bigger than this room, you know.  Oh, yeah. There is a table, there is an oven. You want to want to roast, everything in there.  You need to rent.. Is it free rent? ID.  Yeah, we found a kitchen, a very big kitchen. That's. Even bigger than the restaurant, you know.  Yeah. So these kind of activities are funny, you can eat something, try, there with Chinese restaurant there, okay, let's tease you, not is not the only Chinese food, right? There is a lot of other food.  Okay, there is the problem to cooking activities.cepic concern fire, or induction cooker using. So for this, we need a certain instection or volunteer. for because the people in many student, they didn't know the safety protocol, right? So there is a concern about the safety.  But we can I think this puzzle, cookings and the multicultural, the corner or meeting weekly meeting, these are the interesting activity while we can, the most importantly, we are not making plan only for the foreigner. We're making plan for the H Chinese and half foreigner. And this is these two center for everyone.  Yes, this is not for the international student. This is for everybody. You understand, our plan is our plan to engage with Chinese students, not like, okay, you are a foreigner, where do you come from and then you put your culture on me.  We are here in China, we need a local people with us. Games are very democratic. Yes.  Yeah. That is going to make it very interesting. I want to.  And this thing is not okay. For example, For example, for example, we're going to make another survey. hear me out, another survey. We're going to put all the games' names.  And then you pick which games are more interesting. And we give them a small details of the Evy games. It's not like we like this game, that's why we want to organize these games.  It should be with everyone who is interested in the game. Okay, for example, some people they really like board games. How many people like board games?  Okay, let's organize. How many people like board games? Bo Board games.  Bo games, table games. board games. Board games, yeah. So how many people like board games?  It's not like the we are the three organizer. We like this game. Okay, let's call the people make them people interested in on board game.  We don't like board games. This is shitty game. It's boring.  We don't like them. People don't like to play cards. Okay, we don't come because there will be a lot of games who is who you are interested on.  So it's like, okay, mystery game is really interesting. And people on the graduation and over 25, they're like, okay, this is real interesting game. For some people are young, they don't know, okay, they don't know what is there.  So we make a statistical analysis. What game you are interesting one and then we' going to organize that games. And there is a board game called here.  There is every week they play board game. We can for this special activity. because they have experience, right now? Because I don't join on the board game because I don't even have a clue what the hell is going with the board game.  So if you don't know this thing, how many, okay, maybe five or six people, is not convenient, bro. We need the people at least a lot of Chinese do know the foreigner. That is how we interacted you engage and then it's becoming a professional friend, helping with a study and sharing knowledge.  For example, Oliver, he contributed with the programming. We didn't know that he's going to come with the competition and then we're going to win. We meet with drinking, bro.  We drink alcohol, and then he came, yeah, this is how we meet friends and then the cold coffee guy. He now owner of our good friend. Everywhere he go, he just call us.  This is the starting event, so if we organize some games, it's not only for international, we must introduce a Chinese student. including Chinese, a half. By half, yes. We have to make them know and buy half.  By half means like really, we need to half Chinese student. We need to pick these people. Even though Chinese language doesn't matter.  We will will tease them. And we have small rewards to make it more interesting for the winners of the team. I don't know if you are you in the candle Club.  What is that? Kandle Club? What is that?.  No, I don't. So For example, we don't have any tai Chi group. Do you have Tai Chi group?  That is an important thing. If you have a Tai Chi group. Yeah, The Kind Club, they want more people to join.  So they advertising for foreign students too. So they put the messages, both in in Chinese and in English. T. This is the first group that I see that people join because because it's accessible.  Okay.. This is just an example of how to make things good for. This is really good the thing is like, we have a lot of groups.  We don't know. We don't know. We don't know..  Do you know we have a mountain fash and climbing mountain is called? Yeah, is the one she bring it up that says, you know, we didn't know that a climbing mountain, we have a whole organization. You can go join them and spend the whole weekend with them. with very small money, bro.  Yeah, they go. We didn't know it. What we can do. use of the We need this so much.  Like for everyone we have to. So you have a choice. have a lot of information. One year calendar, you have a choice.  You pick them, pick them, pick them. That is coming with the second one. calendar thing. We can put that we can make a list, like a sheet. every club, they be made to the club, the organization, their collect the administration, ad finished appreciator at the club and whether they like the languages they can speak in the club because this is very important.  Because last time I went into join the E piano club? F club. But they didn't speak any English English English Even if it's just music.  But they need to communicate. So it was impossible.. That's why we have a lot of people.  They play piano, but they are not in the, if there is a foreigner representative in that club, you could join in and play piano. Because piano doesn't have a language, he's a piano. Yeah, it's just music.  Just the music. Music has their own language, you know. So you need it everywhere, if you find a like a group of Chinese and a group of foreigners.  So it's the same. You make it equal and you can fromtime foreigner are a really afraid to get in because there is nobody speaking in a single. Although they speak English, but they will not speak English with you.  They understand the English until they had a serious situation, you know. So that's why I'm saying. If we discuss with our ling, we just make them, we need a Chinese student, one our organization.  Every event we have, like, okay, some event, for example, cultural event, for example, you go to find a UU garden. Chinese food don't, they wanted to join too, you know, they wanted to teach us introduce us to Chinese culture, you know. So if they make it a limitation of the number, okay, for example, a foreign20 people and there is a 10 seats for Chinese. a Chinese Chinese, a very local student.  Chinese Chinese food just Chinese? Yes, in that case, but we have But we just give them an instruction. But you cannot blame them, bro.  The Russian is student. What happened?. This activities didn't require.  It was more of learning of lecture, you know? So it was more about receiving than about sharing. So I think it dependent on the objectives, we could have or not have state square them. simple.  You see? So if I like to, we don't need them to sit there because because we're not there's no exchange going up. I think you were there when we were we learned about Chinese okas, that people.  At the very first thing of like September or October next year. Oh yeah, the handful, handful.. Tea.  T for tea, tea. It was a tea. a foam tea. Mix it up.  To makeakes. No, no, no, no, no., you and Russian lady, Sophia. We were together with handful clothes from Handesty.  We made a tea. Yeah. Oh, but this is a selfie now.  This is something else. But yeah, this is okay as an example. So for this, we didn't really have to interact.  We did because Yeah, we just did the activity wearing traditional clothes, write some character and then make a tea. This is good for international students specifically because this is something we learned that we don't know, it was kind of a lect. Well, do some Chinese don't know about this, you know.  Really? Yes. Yeah, I asked some Chinese, what is that?  They ask him like, this is not the dynuse. You look like Japanese mafia. Chinese students't say that What is that?  Okay Because that is the introduce them, like how they want for us to deduce, you know. But if you take a local student, that will be a different scenario.s That's okay because that's you know the real thing, right? Yeah, so about every activity that we propose, we have to think of the objectives and what is going to happen.  So we can decide how many seats we're going to have. Because, yeah, we have to think about about it because as you said, they would just stick together. But if there is a chance that they will.  No, but joy and joy, they don't stay together Chinese Chinese., no. I think the thing is like to make that kind of school. Maybe we can propose a new joint joy another new to reform the train based on that.  Ref or enjoy. We're not going to like it. They will like it because this is the results, you know.  But the j joint is now at. It's. It's a different it's a separate thing.  It's not by ISC. It's a different administration. No, no, no.  The students came up with that. They created it by themselves and called it approval from the university. So as far as I know, they receive some.  So where did they buy coffee? Exactly. Where did they get the money?  The university gives them. They buy the coffees? Yes, because this is like a clue.  Oh, okay. So it's something else. From where this club?  competition. But I was thinking, maybe we could midnight both the weekly multal quarter and the this global cutter. Because we can have the global cutet happen inside the weekly, because the weekly thing is going to be here for the whole day.  But the activity may may last, I don't know, one or two hours. You see, you can have unite both. I don't know.  Then we have one less Look, we have to point out, we have. I multiiling, multi- club, that's weekly things. according to the Natalia's idea, weekly things, and then we're thinking about reform joy and joy, make it more fun. Okay, not reform.  No, for example, there is organizer. So we are thinking level to solving puzzle puzzle. Yeah, solving puzzle or playing some games, Games.  Or we were also thinking about cooking. Chinese food, then you buy stuff and then you cook buy yourself. Yeah, Chinese and, you present you some.  We found a lot of Spanish people. They loved cooking. They will join us for sure.  But just like O have to see order to facilitate your direction, they need to activities need to say. You justification? Not a justification, just like to really, we found that the best way to presentration, we have to make them achieve something together and while achieving existing together.  So the puzzle thing will be very nice., based on all experience. The best thing we have made was really, participating we are making something else.. some research that this game it lately. I have some research that suggests games and medium for interaction.  So we can use research to base our foods. Just like when you a kid, what did you? Yeah, we all kids in two kids..  Yeah, we we were organizing the games, right? Yeah, that's Huzzle games.. Yeah, we can for, I think we need to find research because then we we can also share our experience., how do I say to support our claim, we need some data, like real. exactly, like, oh, based on this research, we found out that this this is proved.  Because at this point talk about research, if we can figure it out like how a student are directing more from where and then you find a really a ground point and then we give them some feedback with the interview. you will be go with Ob in 10 inact factor, a Q1 Journal publication, you know. So if you go more specific, this is not we are not going to tell the organizer, okay. This is your mind.  So if we make a dis point, a specific point, for example, the experiment, what I said, the experiment of the group five group are 10 groups. If you get that result and put this on your paper, then you can publish, then what we are saying and doing, this is not publishable. Until you make a experiment from the real people and get the feedback and you can analyze what was their social life before and what is after our experiment, that is the invention.  Yes, and we need a big sample. Yeah, we need a big sample and this is how you're going to get the good thing. This is our our beneficial, our personal gain, you know.  Beside those priz thing they are giving us is rubbish, you know. fish is just for, like for? Yeah. This next just like a propos A proposal that we can do because we have a lot of points about the puzzle thing and then inviting, how are we going to approach Chinese student?  University is going to figure it out because it's their business, how are they going to convey Chinese student to join us. A lot of people is speaking English very fluently. They will come up.  Okay, and then about the timing, how are we going to organize the activities? For example, it will be weekly or is the same activity with the same title, it will be weekly or every 15 days or every month. Okay.  So it will be a tradition. So it was coming coming up, yeah. And then about the cooking thing, this is you cannot organize in int traditional way, like every week or every month.  This is like a once in a while activity. And. Yeah, once in a while activity.  But this multilinguist corner staff or like meeting a local Chinese studio, we can find a suitable names to make people more interesting, you know, a suitable names. And then we can do this thing with every two weeks or every one week. I think everyone is very important.  Yeah. And the experimental thing about what I was talking about, the system, you know. So this thing, it will be another approach is not the same with the PPT, you know, because we need to publish something.  We need to get the result. Yeah. And if you something in next week and then we also do some experiment.  Yeah, some test. We can test test. We don need permission from the university.  We can do it by ourselves. Okay, guys, you know what? We have a farm.  You want to hang out with the local Chinese student? Just hang out with two or three. We make a group and then we will talk with them fast with some kind of in philosophical way.  And then we ask them after. So when you Internally student come to China, when you meet local people, you hang out with a localist, how we change the experience, like in Chinese experience. Because most of the time we just hang around with foreign students, international student, not so many opportunity until we go to the lab, you know.  Speaker like you. Yeah, I'm thinking, but forget I'm nothing. You know, I met a girl from the English language curse.  She Chinese English is a major. And then she said she doesn't know how to approach international students because she of course she's studied English. She wants to practice first to to everyone.  And I was talking to her and then she was mentioned this research that we were doing and she was very excited to join because she wanted to get to know people like, you know, and then she even asked asked me about it later. oh, when you have something, you send it to me because I really want to enjoy. But she is very shy. She's very shy.  That is the whole point. So we need activities, but you know, we also have to make them very integrated from the very start. So we also have to think of that.  That's why I think the online thing is very important too. So they don't they're not. Like it's not very hard for them.  So you have a, you know, when some some beauties they have a neck. So when you jump, there is an order when you fall. There is a net, but it's under.  Or just a sandbox, you know, like when you fall, there is some. Yeah, yeah, yeah. These kind of thing.  So I think the social media would be that for them, because then one thing gets, yeah, like, and they can also, it can be easier for them to come. Because if they know someone, they can say, oh, there is that event is that event today. Let's go together.  Because it's a bit hard for people to come by themselves because they don't know. Like they don't like the father, I'm going there by myself. What if no one talks to me, it would be very weird.  Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you see these intities and this also can be the body thing and we can send to the group of buddies like, hey, we're going to have the activity, but we can also have the online thing more, more natural thing. So we have all these profiles.  So I think yourself. You have a profile made for this social media and you're expecting to get messaging and you can also message people so you see other profile, let's say you find someone who realize one piece. So you say, hmm, I'm going to talk to this person, maybe we can talk about it or we can go to some one piecece event or something.  So you have something in common and then you can just like come together to do weekly set and say, I don't know. You see, I think it's very, and it's easier for them to connect online, because this is what they do every day. They go on social media, they watch videos. they comment, they talk this is very natural.  So I think we having some online interactions of like things. It could be an eater, a separate thing doesn't matter. But I think we need some online connections.  Because they seem to me, of course, we have to run tests, but I think they're more effective. Yes. We can do another survey related with board games, because we cannot make it like a lot of survey.  So we can make it like a survey. Why do you want to meet? interact with a foreigner or local student?  We can give them options because online is must be one or two people convenient, but people need to make a real fan. Yeah. But this is something we can't control.  We cannot control. I know, but the thing is like, we need to every idea we want to make it, we need to make it a statistical point. Yeah.  And if you want to organize the games, we get the data from the people because we're going to have another interview, I think, the survey, because the T ask us to make some valid questions, right, last time? So we're going to have another survey. So one line thing because for example, But this is not for you.  I don't know if you Because international student is not everyone used the same app. Some people even do not even open WeChat., if they activity, we are going to choose one, we can make a survey for that, and everyone needs to join this a specific platform, and they're all going to be in the group that we're going to we can have some activities, like this week you have to, I don't know, go somewhere. We can like we can suggest like museums or parks with this person that you you met online.  But it should be like a local student an international student or even groups of three, like you suggested. I don't remember if it was three or five. I think it was three.  So, yeah, we can you can go together. But then this is real. And then we we want to hear the feedback from each open.  Then we can make them descendant an anonymous survey, but we know the group they're in. It is anonymous service. We know.  So we have data to see if it worked. for example, did you feel like the online connection facilitated your in-person meeting, like, would you meet this person again? Do you think this contributed to your whatever somehow? So I think we can keep track of this very well and there are also some retirements for the account.  It's not the account your use every day. You make a new account separate, specifically for this purples, because you're joining a project, right? So you make a new account.  So let's say, you need to post, we can limit to like up to 10 posts, but we have like one should be about your like your major, one should be about something that you like, other feed, some kind of food that you like. We have to know for the others to know who you are, basically. So we have we have rules for that.  It's not completely free because we need to make it. We need to keep track to make to get data to UC. So I think.  So. We at first we can just divide everyone in the group. We don't mention the platform and we ask every interested person, what is the platform?  They preferred platform? So the first thing that people are interested to? Yeah, and then we can.  I think it is very physical because we don't need a place, we don't need anything. We just need the internet. Okay, whenboard we know which platform they prefer to have.  So wasn't the next step after that all?? After creating the we create a group, we met we defined the platform, we create like the how do you say it the requirement the requirements for their profile on this platform. And then we can have some missions.  So like today's mission, you have to follow, I don't know, three people in your home or maybe they can follow everyone. But a night day also you mentioned today, you have to send send someone a message, like, I don't know, about something that you saw on their profile because then it could lead toential. I don't know., you know, we could have this, you know, the idea is that it is organic, organic interactions, but if we don't, we can have this missions, like every day, and then, um we can they can share in the group like if they did or if they didn't and then there are many possibilities.  I like this because we can make many different things in this. But the point is, this is just a medium to make real interactions happen. So let's say I post about an event that I want to go. but I'm going along.  So I say, oh, I'm going to this event today. If anyone does anyone join me and then maybe someone will reply, hey, I can come with you when are you going? And then we go together.  You see, this is an organic activity. It's something and nothing doesn't really how do you say, it doesn't really disrupt their normal life because they were already going to that place, you see? So I think it would be nice to have at least something online because this is also something that we don't have in this way.  So at least something different. We can get the data and see if it's good or not. Now you only mentioned how many people they study and how many people get in.  If we can understand their numbers, like avariz numbers. Like you choose like your 20 student from 30 or 400. right? Because based on the first come, first.  So we can have a little bit idea like the people are really interested on the activity. So we could do something. But we don't have this information.  I think until we ask the Laosi from the International Office to ask them, like, there are because last time they organized the activity about 80 seats for the trip. 80 seats for the Shosing trips trip, and then we only get like 50 people, because nobody sign up. No, they sign up. But because they sign up, but they missed the deadline to pay.  So because they contacted the T they say, no, no, no, we cannot complain because they just ask the to to open the system for them to pay again, or the time. Yes, yes, yes. Yeah, it was also very like a quick response.  Like you have to pay tomorrow. The deadline was too fast. Yeah, but if you're ready, because that's why the thought about it.  She said that if she asked them to pay the moment they register, maybe some of them will. That's why she put the the one after. Two days after.  So what I also I learning that if you were this, also, you could you that's in me, I can't see anything because I'm so hungry. I cannot think anything because I just take the time. It's 6 o'clock. off offline, the off, the off.  No, it's a state. This is the talking about creating groups have to have something for a to our condition that this kind of. I mean, like we group and like give him some task, so maybe some daily tasks, like for the create an account and is the one is I'm sorry.  I was thinking about. Oh yeah Oh, okay.. Oh, I see, yes, yes, I can't about this one.  And then I'll send you for checking. The thing is, I'm just worried about this. Why?  I don't know. I don't. Because we can moderate their time.  No, it's too much about moderation. It's like, oh, we cannot match. And the matching that are more.  But we don't have to match don't match themselves, but it has to be a local. One? Maybe train.  Groups of three, I could say. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.  That's better, right? I mean, it's a good idea, just like. We can have, like, you can be in several groups of three, like with different people.  Not for the initial stage, but for later. For the first stage because someone saying it for about just like you about piece or about coffee, you can coffee and you interested in angers and coffee is anything, I like coffee, maybe, okay? You have more than coffee, you, coffee, you can.  But the thing I'm about after the question like example, which I't, which is something in, there is nothing that go after that. It's not to get a f burn. That is a good question.  Maybe every day they will have to, I don't know, discuss me topic, like.. You know, this in this case, we are from here and go down, go. After this, you know, one piece of, hey, there's this game. participate together in this game and let me the cat competition or.  Yeah, we can even present at three star. plan. From online to weekly ofline and then to what is it? like do you rehv it to?  What'll have to call in a different name. But. We're going to find a very attractive name, you know.  Does global caffe is not does not describe it anymore. No. Yeah, we have But I like it.  The three type thing. And we can we skip steps if you want? Like, if I want to stop quick Okay, good.  So for skate on with some meat on it now or when I have it all? No, I think we have a. It's just that there are many ideas so we.  I can do it tonight. It's okay. I'm.  It's. I can't. I can do it.  I think. Yeah, yes. I think if we wanted to reason that because we have to reason it from the other, from Nat NVT, the thing is like, we have to, maybe we can wipe that.  It's writing. I'm going to make a really serious note from this. film about like, you want to eng engage like Chinese and full film, we can start for I mean some kind of games and conv him together by them to just like lunch competition or cooking food. for what is what actually? Cooking food is a very nice idea. trying to achie goal, we get by working together, we will stop and also from the online, just like you mention, you can also, I'm. see?  You recommend the coffee from China. coffee with war night We have a orange of Americano, we call tram coffee. my God. You see this is an interaction that. I know this person likes the video bulk of Yeah, is?  There was a spark coconut water. Coconut water. espresso. I love spark and I love coconut Americanos.  So it only makes sense that because Harvo's harvest has this sparkling coconut water, that a sparkling coconut Americano would go crazy. First thing we need to do is pull the most delicious